SQA

1 . SQA is the national awarding and accreditation body, government sponsored. SQA have 100 years’ experience in developing qualifications and qualification systems and over 20 years’ experience of working internationally in partnership with government.

2. The Scottish Qualifications Authority is the executive non departmental public body of the Scottish Government responsible for accrediting educational awards.

3. SQA committed to providing real and relevant progression opportunities for our learners.

4. SQA have partnered with a wide range of Institutions globally who will accept SQA advanced Diploma graduates onto their degree programs with advanced entry, giving students the choice of where to study. If candidate goal is to graduate with a degree then a SQA Advanced Diploma can be a very successful and highly cost effective route to achieving this.

5. DC has been a SQA approved center since 2017 and our partnership with SQA allow as offering students entry into the first and second year.

Lincoln

1. Lincoln University College is one of the premier private institutions of higher education approved by the Ministry of Higher Education and Malaysian Qualifications Agency (MQA- National Accreditation Board).

2. The dynamic culture and pioneering academic programs of Lincoln University College prepare the industrious students for the 21st century careers.

3.  LUC curriculum and courses have been designed to correspond and align with the North American, Australian, and other educational systems credit transfer criteria - a standardized and universal curriculum.

4. LUC got "5-Star Setara award 2017" Excellent Award “which offered by Malaysia Government, Ministry of Higher Education.

ABE

1. ABE Endorsed is for providers of high quality in-house training. ABE is following the policies and procedures under the UK Qualifications Framework like RQF.

2. ABE Endorsed training is differentiated positivity from that offered by non-Endorsed competitors thereby helping your organization attract, develop and retain the best talent.

3. ABE Endorsed Diploma is international recognized Diploma.

ABE have 40 years’ experience in developing qualifications and over 45 countries are running this internationally Diploma and also well known in Myanmar.

